For the first time, Judith's keyword here becomes innovative features
maybe have
what could Ballack be allowed to do
yes it is him today so that accidentally jostled and Thun percent and
Sberbank stands
but that they can safely through the finder
Percent as well at facilities for example
but these devices
only network opportunities would have these networks possibilities
for example
Young mothers apply for the option through a godfather's box
attached to the device
Therefore, a sd card so a small memory card from the camera Re
Great im and will enter the tv to watch on tv
to look at his pictures is a very simple variant that works
quite a percent and on the remote I can then access it too
Percentage photo show, for example, then the on the Snapple and the
productive force available
one by then, of course, the possibility
for the now completely new in this generation
the team was Martin Brundle
if the SC Kappel content but what is actually this in hall
on arriva
stored in the hard drive also stored on a computer
as well as a way to make that visible on the TV
and in fact that is so these devices have
Everywhere the data functions more server function is called ours when I am in
this samples Media Server feature
the keywords about calls
then I have the opportunity
finally a pcr-test Blatter
about an old man whose use the victims were children
the Order has to merge Ursula
how can he then from this the Burda of Beata c
Get content to the screen
for example
To videos or photos percent and percent could then, so to speak year the dream
from a central server
the visualization of many different locations
it is up to us as you see 8
the CVP previously found cede opportunities Ing
that's always the case
so to speak, the most up-to-date Actemra first thought of using this technology
So it is
we have one percent over the one we Wiera Box
Possibility to go Santana
namely from that devices on
it was, so to speak, permanently installed working together with the
Google operating system of the TV
not so close, apparently, temporarily easy to recognize Luca
reach the Internet Explorer
But since we have the functions that are based on the conditions of the
Television are optimized
In addition to two advantages it has a very high security on one side
because by that, ultimately, this connection goes straight to a full one
percentage point
they secured Server of Folk
For example, no virus wants to be downloaded to the device
otherwise he might be able to access the internet freely
and for the second, it is what keeps that
maybe otherwise
Fact setting does not work so well water lily would
to optimize so
then already selected
But I also have the opportunity in old-lotte possibility of
Minority percent of this platform are cooperation partners with whom we
then work together freely back
the supporting program from the Bank Open
and a few to 4 percent of the key we Artur is
Percentage for killers per cent per cent of Peruvians Jörg
PaaS and if I have the thumb and if the device was connected one
Surveys internet connection
then took over connection then we had some here
McLaren open more new reality
and I, in the end, just like, say, percent more citizens
Information can pull the kahlo-see and can directly select
that's very important I do not have to fix it to the percent e
Sending times have now been a news broadcast thus can
Hans Albers was me, I do that
around and because I now need this news about me now and immediately
can also
Another innovation we have is our turn
Do preview
that works the possibility for example
I also shot videos myself
want to watch the cards because I know people are watching
accordingly would be satisfied
I also have the option for those
Platform 4 percent could clearly adjust their photos with Gekas r
access
for Voss but last year
to the annoyance of Leon probably if there are photos
the percentage of the friendship in the view would like to still can
of the world
Who is on the way can then finally percent on the word I
tell them
on the personal parts of this summer little contemplative for me
use
then access and order
Bechtolf break this
this platform only 8 percent restricted
In any case, we in Recife just like Lucio 2 5 percent new ways
Gone at the club was received
we can now put all their samples to the test and chose that
were
searches accordingly
right now and would kill me now
Anna is a possibility
over one percent
Vintage virtual keyboard the end of their work to go with it you can
now
on the two for example only
be missing
Mombauer down here
Nexus percent
just my stomach chest
Kurt Krömer
Mohr already
and will
Of course you also have that I'm not that big and faster
as a writer
sometimes comes to draw
and
and then he became Group 4
even percent will be able to move percent for two percent
three weeks to choose and that I then but also bad, for example
glocks
who as the young women
Wine enjoyment accordingly
loaded and I can on to this content
which I exactly, yes
that is also recommended at Heller pause
the now at
YouTube, for example, are discontinued because here
Often the resolution used is very low
partly really webcam
Have quality
Aldrin treated herself so homann percent her husband has hired privately
and these qualities
which would then satisfy the Roche company with window percent very good for
Anschober are less beautiful it is then if you are wrong
Percent and Renault to pay
among many
In any case, yes so can at this point that time